CASMTRIAGE-3246: fixed generate_switch_config.md, generating switch config for single … (#1398)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/network/management_network/generate_switch_configs.md

* ***Full*** – Aruba-based Leaf-Spine systems, usually customer production systems.
* ***V1*** – Dell and Mellanox based systems of either a TDS or Full layout.

> Generating a configuration file can be done for a single switch, or for the full system. In below, example commands for both scenarios: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating a configuration file can be done for a single switch, or for the full system. Below are example commands for both scenarios:
```

***Important***

> You will need to modify following items from your command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modify the following items in your command:
```

> * --csm : Which CSM version configuration do you want to use. I.e.  1.2 or 1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--csm` : Which CSM version configuration do you want to use? For example, 1.2 or 1.0
```

> * --a   : Which architecture is the system based of. (See above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--a`   : What is the system architecture? (See above)
```

> * --ccj : Match the ccj.json file to the one you created for your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--ccj` : Match the `ccj.json` file to the one you created for your system.
```

> * --sls : Match the sls_file.json to the one you created for your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--sls` : Match the `sls_file.json` to the one you created for your system.
```
